hello we are live on tick tock with the
replay on youtube if you're seeing this
right now and we are going to be talking
about real talk women in business i'm so
excited that shortly i'm going to be
joined by megan gersh you may know her
as the web designer brand designer
extraordinaire and we're going to be
chatting with all of you today
about what it's really like to be a
woman in business and starting your own
business hi to those that are just
joining welcome i'm jill for those that
don't know me i used to work at google
for six years i started my own business
gosh eight or nine months ago and really
excited to be here today to talk to you
about what it's really like to be a
woman in business to share our
experiences with each other to answer
any questions you might have it's going
to be a great conversation and for those
of you who are maybe watching this
replay later on youtube or somewhere
else you can feel free to skip ahead a
few minutes if you like because we're
going to be joined in a few minutes by
megan gersh i've been an admirer of hers
for so long on tick tock as i'm sure
many of you are
oh and there's the invite of us going
here
how are
you so good to chat with you
yes so nice to chat with you too i'm
loving the space funds today oh thank
you i like woke up and i was like it's a
space fun day
[Laughter]
how are you
i'm doing well thanks i'm actually like
very pumped up on adrenaline i just
released my google ads course today and
it's like
i've been working on it for months and i
was like you know what i just have to
press publish i have to hit it at some
point so yeah it feels really good but
still
a little nervous even after going live
yeah
that's awesome so happy for you that's
really great i know like courses can
take i feel like there's like there's
always this anticipation like when
you're making a course and it's like am
i including everything am i being clear
enough like what questions are people
gonna have and like you know
you can always add stuff later too
exactly hello from greece yes i'm in
toronto today it is actually it's above
freezing which is saying something for
february it's about three degrees
celsius and where are you megan you you
sleep somewhere sunny right i'm in los
angeles
[Laughter]
yeah
when it drops below 70 everyone is like
all right time to break out the coats
you know
so
um
but yeah why don't we kick things off if
you want to like introduce yourself so
that folks on my side can understand a
bit about your background and such
absolutely so for those who don't know
me my name is jill i'm the google pro on
tick tock and the reason i call myself
that is because i used to work at google
i worked there for six years helping
some of the largest companies in the
world grow their businesses through
google ads and then i left in april 2021
because i wanted to kind of take all
that knowledge reserved for the people
who have multi-million dollar budgets
and bring it to the people who maybe
have multi-tens of dollars of budgets
and so that's what i do i'm a google ads
consultant and coach and as of today
have my own google ads course
um and digital marketing instructor and
really excited to speak with you today
megan i i think probably ever since i've
started being on tick tock i've seen
your videos and love the advice you
share and i think it's me going to be a
great conversation from two um
women entrepreneurs
yeah definitely and
i i just want to give a quick little
introduction too so my name is megan um
if you follow my content you know i do a
lot of like website
marketing and branding type content um
but yeah i mean i basically took my
business full time in 2018 and so i've
been
doing my own thing for a few years now
and it's been awesome so i love helping
small business owners and if you guys
have any questions that pop up during
the chat um please do drop them into the
the comment section we can help out as
many folks as we can
um but today we wanted to talk a bit
about uh being a woman in business and
so if you guys have any questions about
you know there there are just like a lot
of differences in in the ways that we
conduct business the ways that we
um you know
work with others i would say that even
like from a marketing perspective like
that might be a good topic to kind of
kick things off with it's like i know i
talk about this a lot on my on my
podcast but like my co-host and i lauren
like there are so many differences and
things that feel
um unnatural to us as women like
especially when it comes to marketing
because i feel like a lot of the
traditional marketing is taught by men
and so like a lot of that
i don't want to call it older way of
thinking but like it's it's more
traditional uh ways of marketing that
that can feel
um a bit unnatural
um one of the things that i kind of
wanted to bring up is like something
that feels very unnatural for me is like
hard selling my business i don't know
how you feel about that um but like
something that i have i've been talking
with a few different people about this
about like how it feels so forced for me
to be like even like lincoln bio or like
you know like yeah types of like call to
actions where it's like here's a thing
you know
um
but
i don't know what are your thoughts on
that
yeah you know it's interesting when i
worked at google i was in the google ads
sales organization like my job was to
sell more google ads and so before that
i definitely would not have felt
comfortable selling i think because i
went through six years of sales training
and doing i do feel more comfortable
with that the thing that makes me feel
really uncomfortable
is trying to sell
by telling someone or making someone
feel like they're stupid or they're
doing it wrong and so that's why i don't
like to use even hooks in my videos or
sales tags that's like well you know
what you're doing it wrong if you don't
know what i say or like um here are the
like mistakes you're definitely making
here's the hack no one wants you to know
like i don't like that cell that makes
someone feel
badly um i like to build them up like
hey if you're struggling with something
i can help you not struggle or if you're
confused let me help you be not confused
and i see that as being um
a bit different than saying you know
you're wrong and i'm right and if you
don't do what i say
yeah for sure there was actually um a
few episodes ago on my podcast we were
talking about there's actually different
like sales personality types and one is
like a nurturer type which is kind of
like you know i think like kind of what
we kind of attribute ourselves to but
like there's like the hardcore sales
people like the those are like the types
of people that always have to be the
center of attention and like have to
like very like in your face
it's a very like masculine energy and
then there's more on the other end of
that spectrum is called the artist
archetype where like
very timid to put themselves out there
like it's very very hard to like show
their face in their marketing and like
all of that kind of stuff but super
interesting to see how like different
personality types like kind of play into
that as well
yeah and tell us in the chat are you
someone who feels comfortable selling
your services or is that something that
makes you feel really uncomfortable i
know there's a lot of service providers
or people selling products or artists
who might say like here's my stuff yeah
and it's hard to find that balance you
know between what feels comfortable as a
business owner but what also is going to
get your message across to your target
customer
because i know you talk about that a lot
in the um website reviews that you do
saying like you need a call to action
you need to tell someone what to do or
they're not going to do it and those
ideas probably feel at tension with each
other sometimes especially as women
yeah
i think one thing that can really help
too is like
approaching even when you're selling
right like even approaching selling as
like you are just trying to help
somebody get something right so whether
that is more sales in their business
confidence on camera or something else
like you're giving them the knowledge
that they that can help them get from
like point a to point b and you really
have to think about sales in that way or
at least that's something that helps me
when i'm like you know like
it's less about like buy this thing and
more about like here's the thing that
can make your life better
absolutely and actually jay for real
says here's that um they feel so
uncomfortable especially when you're
just breaking into the industry yeah
when you're first trying to start out it
can be hard to say like you know what i
am an expert and you should buy services
from me but i love what you're saying
megan is that it's not about hi i'm jill
i'm a google ads expert so you should
learn google ads from me it's about hey
jay i hear you're really struggling with
google ads and you know what i think
there's something that can help you out
with that
here's what it is in case you're
interested
um amina says i just really hate
facebook well um obviously with my bias
i'm gonna say i agree with you there and
by the way a trick i learned from austin
who's at socialtypro on here is that if
you are enjoying this live just double
tap your screen a bunch of times that
will send like which lets tiktok know to
have more people come watch so if you're
enjoying megan's advice and hearing our
chat then just double tap that screen a
couple times for us thank you thank you
and so megan you mentioned that you
started your business a few years ago
could you tell us um for those like me
who don't know your story like what were
you doing before and how did you know
the time was right or maybe not right to
start your own business
yeah definitely so i have a background
in the music industry so it's very male
dominated
um but i have always been on the like
design side of it so design and
marketing kind of ends of it um which
have had a bit more women in those types
of departments um but i have worked for
live nation i worked at a radio station
here in los angeles kcrw radio which is
the npr station here um as well as a few
music venues here in los angeles um and
i knew it was the right time to take my
so i freelanced on and off my entire
career um and
there was a point where i was like
getting so many freelance projects but
also working like a nine-to-five job and
it just felt like something had to give
at some point like i could i was going
to nine to five job and then also coming
home and like working four or five hours
before bed and i was just like i'm not
doing anything else i'm just working
the entire time that i'm awake and so i
was like this feels like the right time
it
had been something that i was like
thinking about doing and so it just felt
like the right time but
that's interesting having to let
something go was actually what helped
you make the leap and start your own
business because that's something we see
a lot of it's something i call like
startup hustle bro tech culture of like
you know well we all have the same 24
hours in the day so if you just work
smarter and work harder you can do more
and i'm like in what universe is that
like no i do not believe we all have the
same 24 hours in a day and um
and just because you can to your point
work a nine to five and have freelance
gigs and make so much more money it
doesn't necessarily mean you
should at least that was my experience i
was like just because i can have 25 or
30 000 months
it doesn't mean i should because i have
no time to do anything else but work and
yeah
yeah i think it's it's
so i had a mentor when i was first
starting to that like really
had a perspective about freelancing
where like he was like you need to
design what you're what you want your
life to look like first
and then design your business around
that so i thought that that was like a
really interesting way to look at things
so basically he had an exercise we he
had us plan out like okay how many weeks
a year do you want to take off is it two
weeks is it two months
so figure out what that is and that will
you can like reverse engineer how much
you need to make to you know cover your
expenses and all of that after that uh
per month per week and really just break
it down that way um so i really thought
that that was like an interesting way to
kind of come at it from like almost like
a human perspective instead of like
i want to make whatever x number dollars
this year whatever you know what i mean
so
that's really helpful too yeah and it's
something i've been thinking about in my
business you know there's only so much i
can do where the thing someone's paying
me to do is to spend time
i only have so much time in the day and
so what are those things that i can
invest my time in now
that will
you know enabled me to scale and so
that's where something like a course
comes in but like a course isn't the
only thing there's like teaching or
training there's work where when i do a
coaching session with someone i know you
do coaching as well i show up to the
session i coach and it's done versus if
i have a client i'm providing ongoing
services to that's a lot more hours kind
of week in week out required so i know
that's something that was really on my
mind coming into 2022 is thinking about
what i want my days to look like and how
much of my time scheduled versus versus
on my own hi bri nice to see you and hi
mindful marketing nice to see you both
here
yeah that's that kind of um made me
think of like i don't know if you follow
gary bird on here uh the gary bird um
he's really amazing we had a duel live a
few weeks ago and um something that he
said in his videos that has kind of
stuck with me
um
was something along the lines of like
you can only do so much in your business
until you replace yourself and so
thinking about how you can systemize
your knowledge or package it in some way
for like passive income or
even templatizing things like that's
like a really good way to like
get people on that right track but still
kind of remove yourself from like the
one-on-one kind of touch point um so
i've really been thinking about that in
my business and like how to like
you know implement some of that stuff
yeah i see a question here now megan
what do you do now so you told us a bit
about your story and what you used to do
i know you introduced yourself at the
beginning but for those who just joined
what kind of services and products and
what do you do now
yeah so right now um i help businesses
make more sales through creative web
design uh marketing coaching as well as
branding um so those
are kind of like the three pillars of my
business
got it
high real estate state of my a real
estate of mine what's up
yeah and if you guys have questions too
please feel to feel free to drop them in
the chat
um
i wanted to talk to you too about like i
know you used to work at google and i
feel like that is like i feel like both
music industry and like tech industry is
like very like
i don't know like i i have a lot of
questions about like the tech industry
in particular because i know a lot of
those companies create environments
where they want you to be there all the
time
so like how
can you tell us like a little bit about
like what has you
like your experience been with that or
like did you like it did you hate it
like did you have what did you have a
reaction to it
yeah absolutely so um
i'll start by saying google is a huge
company and
uh in any large company um
the way to think about it well there's
many ways to think about it like is it a
tech driven company or a product driven
company or is it more like of a
marketing forward company and google is
a company that's really driven by the
tech and the engineers and so in that
organization that is one where like yeah
there's a reason google will feed you
breakfast lunch and dinner and do your
laundry on site and bring hairdressers
on site and have you bring your dog to
work because they don't want you to
leave and so for like if you were living
in mountain view at the googleplex
that's what they call google
headquarters
absolutely your whole life would revolve
around google uh i had a bit of a
different experience there for a better
in my opinion for in two ways one
because i'm in toronto i'm at a remote
office so our office is still pretty
large there are about 500 googlers in
toronto but not the 40 000 people that
might be at the giant headquarters so
like i got breakfast and lunch at work
which is great i'd have events but my
whole life
didn't revolve around google i live in
downtown toronto i have a daughter and
then google's part of my identity and
then also i didn't work as an engineer i
worked in advertising sales and so
because of that um
i didn't find it to be as like male
dominated and like masculine energy
heavy as perhaps some other parts of
google i mean the head of google canada
for the last few years now
is a woman there are many women in
positions of leadership
while i think there is absolutely room
to improve in terms of diversity
um there are people not everyone's
caucasian who's in a position of
leadership either um so all in all i
think that the google office here and
the experience i had is not a typical
google experience um but i found that
you know my development was really
fostered i had a great experience there
like i didn't leave google because i
didn't like google anymore i left google
because i had just learned as much as i
could learn in that environment in six
years and when i looked to my manager's
job and her manager's job and his
manager's job i thought i don't want any
of those jobs
and so that was kind of the
lightbulb moment for me when i thought i
have to leave now because if i don't
leave now i'll never like the pay is
just so
so good
that like if i didn't leave then i the
golden handcuffs are real i was never
going to leave so
yeah
you have a few questions oh hi sherry
nice to see you one question
oh yeah go ahead
so
is the term googler is that a term that
they gave you or is that just something
that came up amongst like co-workers
um googlers actually i'll show you
something googlers call themselves
googlers and this is actually my noogler
hat
so when you join google you are a
noobler
and you get this hat and you wear it now
i lost the bead off the top but it does
twirl um
and yeah so googlers what we call
ourselves and i guess in turn what
others
refer to googlers as and then an
ex-googler is called a zoogler like x
googler um so there's even like a
linkedin group of zooglers and there's
like zoogler
meetups and stuff like that which it's
kind of like i actually went to business
school and it feels kind of like that
business school alumni network you know
when you have a connection to someone
it's like oh you worked at google
i don't know that that means you're a
good person i don't know that that means
you're talented but it's like i know
you've had a certain kind of training
and environment and um
a similar cultural experience i guess
we'll call it yeah
yeah that's that's very interesting
because uh i've just like read a few
books on like linguistics and stuff like
that and like even giving like that
group name like
kind of gives us that sense of community
right like it like you just said like it
it gives you that oh that shared
knowledge of like you've had a similar
experience to me
um it's actually like a an interesting
strategy i've heard a few like social
media folks talk about this and stuff
and those kinds of things where they
like influencers and people on apps will
give their group like a name like hey
fam or like hey besties or like
you know
alienator or whatever whatever yeah
and they start every video with that and
be like or um what is the other one like
uh hey the woman who does the tater tots
like hey my little tater tots have you
seen that one um
i think her name is ophelia she's on
she's on tik tok but um
but yeah just like giving your audience
a group name can like really help to
like foster that community so
interesting
it does feel like the community aspect
of building a business has become so
much more important of course social
media having a huge part of that like i
think 10 years ago if i were trying to
become a digital marketing freelancer
you know will tick talk didn't exist did
exist instagram was not the same like my
strategy for client acquisition and for
building my business would have been
totally different whereas now it really
is about building that community having
a content strategy of course that's not
the only way to build a business but i
think especially as women who as we were
talking about earlier in the life of
those are front here often we don't feel
as comfortable with the hard you know
buy my products work with me that like a
content-based strategy educating adding
value something we both do feels much
more comfortable to build community and
then it's not that i'm asking something
of you it's like i'm providing something
to you and you get to join
in this community with me and grow
together
yeah exactly
uh jay for real has a question here how
do you tackle saturation in your
industry and setting yourself
apart
um i have an answer for that and i'm
sure you do as well megan so for me i
guess i'm just really
lucky and privileged that i worked at
google
so really the fact that i worked at
google is why at least 50 of the people
who i work with just like hire me sight
unseen and because of that i will keep
saying i worked at google over and over
and over no it's been less than a year
since i left five years now i'll still
say that so that is like the thing that
sets me apart there are other reasons
why i think i'm very impressive why
people should want to work with me um
but i'm fortunate that i have had an
easy go of that because i'm able to say
i worked at google i'll help you use
google better
done
yeah what about you megan how do you
think about setting yourself apart
yeah i mean i think the important thing
is to really figure out what actually
sets you apart so i can't
um you know there are tons of website
designers out there right like so i
offer website design as one of the main
kind of core offers in my business but
um what i have found
is that clients will come to me
obviously i have the blue hair like i'm
not
you know
ever not everybody has this but
um
it's not necessarily because of that but
it's like a visual indicator like when i
show up online uh that catches your eye
and it's like one of those things where
like i've had so many discovery calls
with clients that say
you know
they say to me like i don't want my site
to be like neutrals and like plain
and like when you see my some of my
stuff it's very bright it's bold it's
colorful it's using a lot of shapes in
like weird ways that you wouldn't
necessarily
put into rectangle squares on the page
and so that's why
people reach out to me and that is like
the one of the things that i kind of
pride myself on as a business is like i
try to push those like web boundaries
and like that's why clients come to me
but if you can figure out what that
thing is for your business like what is
like your signature thing that you're
doing different from other businesses
that are let's say you make tumblers or
something maybe
i don't know the tumblers can drop from
a certain distance or something you know
like drop it off
yeah like not break or scratch or
whatever
if that's your thing then you have to
lean into that really hard and like show
that on social media show those examples
and like tell people why that would be
important
absolutely
great advice
um there's a question here from chef
oregano as a business owner how did you
delegate your responsibilities to your
employees do you have any employees
megan
um i do not i've worked with a few
assistants in the past i'm probably
going to be expanding this year because
just work it my work is just growing
right now so
um hopefully this year
we will see what about you
um no employees i have some freelancers
i've worked with and i do find it
challenging um
you know i initially uh hired someone to
help me out with my social media um and
she worked me for a few weeks and then
resigned and it just didn't work out
there was no ill will just wasn't her
and uh yeah now i have a virtual
assistant i've been working with who
is so helpful she just takes my tick
tocks and repost them across platforms
for me and i think what's helped that
work really well is that before i ask
her to do something i do it myself first
so first i went through the process of
figuring out okay repurpose dot io does
that work well for me yes it does okay
do i need a cover cap like i figured it
all out and made a clear document and
handed that straight to her and she does
it exactly and is detail-oriented and
does a great job of it and that's not
always what you're going to be looking
for i think initially
i thought i was looking for someone to
help me who was going to bring their own
ideas and put their own spin on things
but then i hired um a freelancer for
something and this other person and and
i didn't like the spin they put on
things but i realized that's not on them
it's not that they did anything wrong
it's that i as a business owner
like i know too much i'm a marketer i'm
not willing to give up control of that
so it's a better fit for me to find
someone who will just follow a list i
put out for them but that's i'm not
recommending that as a path forward i
just learned to trial an error that
that's what works better for me when i'm
trying to hire help but now i don't have
employees but i hired um
the right chloe who's a copywriter on
here she wrote my landing page copy and
did an unbelievable job i've had
multiple friends who are like oh my god
i i need to copy your landing page copy
i'm like go for it hire chloe she's
great um
so yeah it's really
clear expectations and clear
communication but i definitely am a more
controlling person and i know that about
myself and so i now do not expect myself
to be able to hire someone who will be
able to have their own
way with my brand that's just not the
kind of help that i'm looking for
i yeah i totally feel you on that just
because like having worked with a few
people on that too it is so
hard especially when you're the face of
your brand to like
have somebody write something in your
voice or even like make something that
is like you've given them a template but
like then you see it with like designer
eyes and you're just like oh the like
spacing is off or like this is like not
what i would like say if i was like this
is not in my voice or like
i don't know like just certain thing i'm
so much a perfectionist i feel like we
like a light on those types of things
but like yeah it is really really hard
especially when you're the face of your
brand to like release that control and
like to let somebody help you in that
way it's been one of the hardest things
it is but that was like an
expensive lesson for me like i hired
someone to create a bunch of social
media content for me cost 1200 us
dollars i'm using zero of it um
initially i'm like oh my god they did
such a bad job but then i stopped like
no they didn't do a bad job i'm sure for
like
90 percent of businesses this would be
great but like i'm really controlling i
like things a certain way
i shouldn't have bought this service in
the first place and so it's like i don't
i'm not going to say that person's bad
by any means it's just like that was not
a fit for me expensive mistake to learn
but now i know i'm just not in a
position where i can let someone else
create my content for me and that is
what it is yeah yeah
yeah sometimes we got to learn those
lessons the hard way unfortunately it's
absolutely not ideal
um i have a question on this side do you
help design shopify sites yes i do
wonderful oh we have the same questions
and we joined this way that's awesome i
know sometimes when you guest in a live
you like when you see 11 questions on
one side we see the same ones that's
good to know
very cool
wonderful so megan this year kind of you
know where i guess february 2nd now oh
it's an auspicious day 2 2 22
um
if it were december 31st 2022 today and
you were kind of looking back what's one
thing you can hope you can say
happened in 2022 for your business
um i am hoping to double my revenue this
year
uh i'm on track to do so
um
so
so far um i'm hoping to expand my team i
know that that's two things but in
general
my big goal this year is to scale
um and so
yeah what about you
um
i'm not gonna say
doubling my revenue that's i'm kind it's
hard it's like i'm
i know i could make more money if i
worked more but i don't want to work
more i feel like i'm working enough and
that's kind of the trade-off i'm doing
so that's i'm trying to really focus on
my course this year so i think sitting
in
december 31st and looking back on this
year
i would like kind of course sales and
digital product sales to make up
i'll call it 20 of my revenue
that's my goal for this year
that's a great girl
yeah i like and for your team are you
looking to hire people who um
not like building an agency but who like
have the same skill set you do and can
help support you in that or who kind of
have
more kind of administrative and that
kind of support
um i'm i think i'm mainly looking for
folks that can complement my skills so
i've really been thinking a lot about uh
one of my other like big main goals for
this year is to really lean into the
parts of my business that i really love
so like i love the design side of it i
love
um you know making sure that everything
is cohesive and like really pushing the
limits of like you know whatever format
we're working on
and so i really like the strategy part
of that
that part of my business um what i might
be looking for is like copywriting i
don't really i don't love copywriting at
all um even like some of the
day-to-day stuff like repurposing my
content on other platforms i recently
started using repurpose i o as well but
honestly i haven't found a good system
for like okay i can download the tic
tocs
watermark free but how do i write the
captions i can't auto do that i have to
sit down and like and that's the part
that i really hate so like it's like i
have to find somebody to do that
like you know or figure out that
you know maybe that's a freelancer or
somebody that really loves writing um
that's that's been one of my big kind of
focuses is like
this is like another tip that i've taken
from gary bird so if you if you don't
follow gary you definitely should he's
got something i'm gonna write that down
very very he doesn't acknowledge his
handle is the gary bird
okay but he he runs a
crazy successful marketing agency for
dentists
um but he has a lot of amazing business
tips and that kind of thing but anyway
another gem that i've taken from him is
like
there are things that you hate to do in
your business that other people love
doing and so find those people and
replace the replace those parts of your
business that you don't like doing with
those people because they're going to go
at it 110
and they're gonna love their work and
you're going to be happy because you
don't have to do it
everybody wins
so even fairy thing here you need a
human like me exactly um finding you
know that combination of what tools can
support us and then when is it time to
actually have a living breathing human
you know take over those pieces that um
that we don't enjoy as much what i've
done with my content using repurposed io
so for those who don't know um it's a
tool it's like 25 bucks a month and it
can automatically take your tick tocks
and i have mine saved to a google drive
and what my virtual assistant does is i
just put the same caption on everything
i decided that
done is better than perfect so i'd
rather have my videos across ig reels
and youtube shorts and pinterest idea
pins and the caption is just like one
learn more about google follow for more
google tips and then we have like three
or four sets of hashtags one if the
video is about google ads one google
analytics one for google tools and so i
know that that is not the best process
but i couldn't think of a way to do what
you're describing um cost effectively of
having unique captions for everyone or
rather that was what i had with someone
helping me before and i wasn't happy
with it so so i went for a done is
better than perfect to try to just be
there
across everywhere
and and that's kind of my starting point
and now that i'm there
how can we start to
make this better so
that's how i'm kind of handling that
yeah i feel like that's the kind of i
don't want to call it like a
i don't want to call it a downfall or a
hang up but like that's the thing that i
have struggled with the most is like
with like automation type platforms is
it doesn't account for like
the human element which is like such a
big part of like what i consider to be
part of my brand so like making sure
that like and on top of that like as a
marketer
i i consider like my social media an
extension of like what i could offer to
clients and customers so like
you know if things aren't optimized and
stuff like that like yeah i don't know i
don't feel good about
yeah
social media and just like part of what
you would offer to a client right is
creating content
for them for social media um whereas
with my brand i'm very much like i am a
google pro i am not an instagram pro and
so like on instagram all i've been
saying like oh my god this is so ugly i
don't know what to do about it because
that fits my brand but your point that
would not fit your brand
yeah and same thing with like if i were
doing a google ad like i don't know you
know like it's just not my area of
expertise but
uh yeah
and to those who are just joining megan
and i are here we are both marketing
solopreneurs i'll call it uh and we're
chatting about um starting our
businesses and running our businesses
and challenges we're facing and goals
we're setting for the year so if you
have any questions please feel free to
ask if you're enjoying the live just tap
that screen a couple times we'd
appreciate that and uh and why don't we
take this question from jay for real any
advice of how to niche down
i can start with that one if you like
go for it
when i think of a niche all i think of
is like who are you trying to reach and
what do they care about and it's those
two pieces um and so for me my niche is
small business owners or even new
business owners if i'm getting really
nichey about it um and the thing that i
talk about is google marketing tools um
and so when you're trying to think about
what your niche might be my advice would
be think about who you're trying to talk
to the more specific the better and then
you can expand i think rather than
trying to talk to everyone and then
trying to get smaller and then what is
the the type of value you want to offer
the subject matter you want to talk
about the problem you want to solve the
something that that audience um cares
about
yeah one thing i will add to that too is
like
you will
as you start to work with people you
will
your niche might change um you might
start working with you know group a and
maybe you don't like working with group
a or then you start to work with group b
and c and you say hey this has been a
lot easier
these types of people are a lot easier
to work with i like the communication
style i like
um you know how this project is flowing
those kinds of things and you may shift
your
you know your target audience your niche
like depending on
what your experience is i know i
certainly have in the you know almost
four years i've been doing this on my
own like um
so i mean don't think that you're like
tied to something either like you can
test out different things
um
one thing i will say is like always try
to follow your gut because it's usually
right
um i've made way too many mistakes where
i was just like well
maybe i could do like this one thing and
no it's always a disaster so
always just if your gut is telling you
something just follow it because it's
usually right
that's such great advice megan about not
being afraid to change your niche um
it's actually something i've really
struggled with because i'm newer to my
business i only started my business in
the last year
and now i'm at this point where my
content my free value content is really
designed for small business owners but
like i actually don't have services for
small business with owners my price of
my one-on-one services is too expensive
and that was something that i really
struggled with for a few months and i
kept taking on you know one more project
one more small business zone i want to
help one-on-one but as a result i wasn't
able to help them as well and so just
letting that go and saying you know what
i spend hours and hours every week
sharing free content that's how i help
small business owners but the way i pay
my mortgage is the larger companies and
marketers so you can afford to pay me
thousands of dollars a month um
that was a hard decision to make but
like for my own time and well-being i
had to make it and i was so much happier
once i did
trust me as somebody who comes from the
music industry like all you want to do
is help small indie artists and like you
know help deserving people be seen and
be heard but like honestly after a while
i was like i i can't afford to like
keep you know putting myself in these
situations and oftentimes like those
types of clients are the ones that need
the most help
also like are like you know the ones who
have the most requests and the most
you find the most emails in your inbox
and they're like just so
into like making it work that but like
the flip side to that is like the budget
is really low so
it's one of those things where you have
to just i mean you live and you learn
and i think like you know
probably a lot of people take on those
types of clients in the beginning of
their business and like you know i won't
call it a mistake it's definitely like a
learning experience of like
how much of that do you want to do in
your business and so for the answer for
some people is a lot like that you know
that's all they want to do but for me
you know
i have you know a dog to take care of i
don't have a child but like i have a dog
i have a certain you know i have a
certain number of expenses those kinds
of things so like at the end of the day
if i can be comfortable in my life
that's gonna allow me to help more
people you know what i mean so if i'm
not stressed when i'm going to work
monetarily you know lifestyle-wise all
of that stuff that's going to allow me
to help you better
i have a few technical questions
shooting in here so why don't we get
some of those one um modistra so hi nice
to see you how much was it to get
copywriting done so i paid 1500 u.s
dollars for the landing page copy for my
course it's a lot of copy i think it was
like four or five pages when it was in a
google doc um and that included one
round of revisions and also a follow-up
meeting in a bit over a month from now
to see how things are going so
that's how much that costs and i'm just
going to quickly address the um how to
rank on google searches question before
we come back to the other one here um
how to rank on google searches i will
just say that that is a bigger question
beyond the scope of today but what you
are interested in learning more about is
called seo
search engine optimization and the
people i would suggest that you follow
on tick tock to learn more about that
are um goodbye yellow pages that's her
name that's actually who i hired to do
my seo goodbye yellow pages met her on
tick tock um fable heart media is
another great one they share tons of
great content on seo uh goodbye yellow
pages stable heart media and hey it's
will
also shares great seo content megan do
you want to take mediastrike a question
here about the website for handmade
items or tutorials or what that could
potentially look like
uh i don't see i don't think our
comments are the same so if you want to
ask a question i'd be happy to sure so
we have a question here from someone who
actually know does content about sewing
tutorials but also has an etsy shop
where she sells handmade items and so
she said would it be a good or a bad
idea to have a website that has handmade
items to be sold but also tutorials for
sewing or a sewing class like trying to
have both of those on the same website
do you think that would be a good or a
bad idea
um i honestly think it i mean when it
comes to i talk to a lot of business
owners that are in the midst of like
etsy or website like kind of that
tipping point it really depends on like
where you're at with your business um
there comes a point where if your etsy
shop is doing extremely well
um
you know you might want to move to your
own website because that's more profit
for you like etsy takes a lot of fees um
as far as the actual content of like uh
who would be coming to the website so is
it like a crafter or is it somebody who
wants to buy like an item um i don't
know
i think i would have to know a bit more
about the business to kind of make that
recommendation like if there is
crossover in the audience i don't think
it's out of
out of uh the ordinary to just make that
all of one website but if it's clearly
two different audiences so like let's
say for example you did like sports on
one end and then like cute animals on
the other like there's maybe not you
know a crossover there um but if it's
similar items i i don't know if i would
really have to know more about the
business to make a recommendation
got it but it sounds like even without
knowing the business thinking about the
audience if there's overlap in the
target audience then it could
potentially work together whereas if
there's not really an overlap then
potentially it's not such a good idea to
put them together exactly
got it
do you have a question on your side or i
have a few more coming in here
i was just waiting i would thought you
might have one on your side um
i did have one other thing that i wanted
to chat about though if there's no other
questions on that side
there's a few let's see um
one person this way of webex is
excellent please make a video podcast in
the future yeah i love going live with
people like this
um and then one person has a question
about
um
how to launch their business i am
launching a course to help people
overcome their fear of driving
how should i launch
the courses via instagram
hmm
hard to say
exactly um i'm not sure what you mean by
the courses over instagram um
but when launching a course i can just
share not specifically about driving um
but i've just launched a course and the
way i have launched my course is i
create lots of free value online about
the topic of my course which is google
ads and how business owners can use
google ads and now that i have just
launched it today when i have videos now
i'll include the link i'll maybe feature
some of the content from my course and
little snippets in the videos i'll share
some um
feedback i'm getting and how business
owners have been showing that the course
really helps them to help you
potentially identify with them thank you
um and i'm sure you could take a similar
approach with the course that you're
trying to launch
yeah and i think one thing that's really
important especially when you're doing a
course is addressing the objections that
you're going to get so like what if i'm
not technically savvy or do i have to
have a design degree or do i have to
know code or like any of those things
that might pop up for people that might
object to buying your course if you make
content around those types of things
that's always going to help to move
people from one side to the other from
from skeptic to purchaser
absolutely and for those oh thank you
the course is linked i'm like not like
officially officially launching it
talking loud about it till next week
because it just went live today but it
is in my link in bio if you do want to
check it out and this follow question
how can i add value in my content
without giving away the launch i have an
opinion on this but i don't know if it's
controversial or not i'd appreciate your
perspective megan but my perspective is
that you should feel like you're giving
it all away
give all the value away because the
value is just talk it's just strategy
the person receiving it still has to do
it and the doing it is the hard part
otherwise everyone would start their own
business right so um i'm not concerned
about giving too much value away because
that's how i demonstrate that if you
want this like personalized for you or
more of this then you can come to me and
pay for it so that's kind of my
philosophy how do you think about that
megan how much to give away versus
pullback
i completely agree with you i don't hold
back at all when it comes to content i
will show you step by step how to do
something
just because i mean just because i'm
showing you how to do something doesn't
mean that the person on the other side
of that screen is actually going to do
it i mean
you know that's why do you think that
fast food restaurants exist it's not
because you know like i don't have the
ability to cook at home it's because
it's convenience it's because you just
don't want to do it or you just need
something fast
so you go there right so it's just
you know same thing for any business
it's like they're they're gonna be
people
at all stages that just want other
people to do things for them um and so
by demonstrating in your content that
you're knowledgeable about about things
that you've done it for other people
those are all different ways that you
can build trust with people and win
their business ultimately
as fairy says megan has me editing my
website every time i watch her videos
exactly that's awesome
oh i love that i love that
and so megan you mentioned earlier there
was something you wanted to chat about
uh yes so
so kind of going back to
i know we were talking about like women
in business women in marketing those
kinds of things but one thing that i
have seen a few creators do recently on
tic tac i wanted to get your take on
this so they've added a new function
where
you can go to another person's video you
can be watching your fyp and go to the
comments and you can respond to comments
with your own video
i personally think this is a horrible
feature uh it feels very
unnatural to me it feels very like icky
like if i was the original creator i
would be pissed if someone did that to
one of my videos which i'm sure it will
happen eventually right
but like
i don't know it just feels snipey it
feels very like
oh you're not responding to this person
well i will you know it's that very like
sassy kind of nature
um
i don't know what do you think about
that feature
it's funny i don't remember this but
when that feature first launched you did
a video about how to find clients and i
saw that feature and i was like i don't
want to just respond to one of megan's
comments that's weird and i dm'd you i
was like hey megan i hope this isn't
weird but like do you mind if i like
respond in your comments so i can text
the teacher and you were like yeah go
for it um but even that interaction felt
weird and then i did it and i was like
this feels kind of weird so i agree it
actually happened to me not a video
response but yesterday
someone commented on two of my videos
have you heard of blah blah blah
and i responded like no
then i'm like that's weird and i click
on their profile and sure enough it's
the name of their product that has to do
with google and i'm like so i deleted it
and i messed and i was like hey use your
own content to advertise your services
like my content is not for that so
yeah i think that the video response to
comment is useful if it's in the
comments of like a really large creator
who like does not respond to all their
comments but then like where do you draw
the line what's a really large creative
versus not i don't know i agree it feels
very snipey to go into someone's
comments and just like boom add a video
there because then so like let's say i
video respond to one of your comments
what if you don't like it like can you
delete my video would that delete my
whole video or just delete your comment
from it chloe says yeah that's so dodgy
i'm like yeah i don't
oh
it's like stitches and duets already
exist i don't know
yeah i agree with you that it feels a
bit shady and if megan you're the best
love and respect from algeria
thank you
um
yeah and like i've seen other like
businesses too where like
and this is not
you know i've seen other businesses go
into like other people's comments and be
like oh i have jewel or jewelry or like
you know like just promoting their own
stuff like in other people's comments
it's like dude who is teaching these
people like that is or like it's that's
i don't know what's worse like
commenting on other people's videos
about your products or like sliding into
dms being like hey i have a new thing
out today like
normally you mention it that way it
feels like twitter i'm newer to twitter
and i said before i don't know if i'm
gonna stay on twitter because i find it
very um
masculine toxic energy over there
but the way twitter works is you just
tweet something and people are supposed
to respond in your comments and whatever
and so i guess this comment feature
is a bit like that in a way but yeah
there have been people who come into my
comments and insult me personally
professionally aesthetically etc
um
i don't know it's like i don't want that
on tick tock i don't want that vibe on
tick tock
we don't have time for that
absolutely not awesome oh thank you so
much okay and i saw or bone i have a
hello i am new in online business
awesome i have a product but i really
don't know what to speak about and i
assume in my content like what kind of
content should i make if i'm a new
business owner trying to make a product
what the heck do i talk about you want
to take that one first megan i will yeah
so
even if you don't know what the end
product is going to be yet document your
process
so
make your first tick tock video being
like here's my road to making
blah blah day one and document
everything that you did that day that is
related to making that thing so maybe
you
you know sat down in your computer and
researched suppliers and you
research you know film everything filled
from the good things the bad things the
things that worked the things that did
not work because people can work for a
like learn from you as well as like
people will start to like root for you
because they'll give suggestions on like
where you can find things where you can
um you know
make strides in that journey
and people will start to kind of cheer
you on like on social media people want
other people to win
absolutely yeah we can even see some of
that uh in the comments here and i find
the videos where i start with something
about here's a mistake i want to avoid i
wish i knew this sooner
if i were starting a business again
here's what i do
though anecdotally i don't have specific
data to back this up but if i think
about anecdotally those tend to do
better get higher engagement more views
than the ones where i'm like here's my
best google ads tip for you like scroll
yours is like i really there's a video
where i started like i messed up today
and just like shared a mistake i made
with a client and it got tons of
engagement and i think was really
community building it was not at all
selling the opposite of you know but
just
yeah so i think that's um great advice
someone saying like making a bridge
between you and your clients with videos
exactly
i think that really helps too especially
when you're sharing like mistakes that
you've made like to humanize your brand
and to
show people like
anyone that knows anything about
business knows that you will get a lot
of no's you'll have a lot of failures
and it's not about all of those things
but it's more so about how you deal with
it how you move forward and it shows a
ton about like your character about like
you know like how you
work in business like if you come up
against a problem a client needs to know
are you just going to like dip out or
are you going to deal with it are you
going to find a solution like what is
going to happen and so i think that that
shows a lot about you as a person if
you're like documenting that process
absolutely and hi you're one of my
clients nice to see you thank you for
your help with our google shopping it
was my pleasure
and thanks for joining us here today
um chef ragnar i will be opening my shop
next week we have some other new
business owners here any tips on
creating a good online
social media
presence so i think this question is
more not about the content itself but
how to sort of establish um an online
presence when you're brand new to
business so i have one piece of advice
here and then please megan feel free to
jump in as well but something i did when
i first started and picked the name the
google pro which i've mixed feelings
about now but story for another day um
is i registered the username on twitter
pinterest
youtube uh
i'm definitely missing but tick tock
obviously in one or two more and then i
just filled out the bio section you know
i'm here to help on first grow blah blah
blah and a link to my website
because all of those get indexed by
google really fast and so within like a
week if you look up you know jill the
google pro like all these profiles have
come up there was no content in them yet
but it just was getting the presence
there and then of course being the
google pro i have to recommend you set
up your google business profile that's
what used to be called google my
business and you don't have to have a
physical location to set it up you can
sign up for google my business keep your
address hidden and again it's a great
way to just show up in search results on
different surfaces
which is a great way to establish
an online presence
so i think my tip is not going to be
something so typical and it's going to
be around mindset
just because social media marketing in
general is such a roller coaster you're
really gonna have to have
a clear mindset when it comes to posting
not getting discouraged when your
video gets low views or somebody sends
you a hate comment or like
just knowing that putting yourself out
there in an is in itself a win for your
business because it's hard and it takes
a lot of work and it takes a lot of
courage to do so and the consistency
that you
show up you know in your business on
social media wherever
that is the thing that is going to draw
people to you when people see that you
are
consistently like hey i'm not going
anywhere still got a tip for you i still
have this cool thing to show you like
i'm still here like haha like you know
like that is the thing that you know
people are going to be drawn to that
like you are showing up with value for
them over and over and over and really
making sure that you have a mindset
where
when you go to social media you are
there to create um of course there needs
to be a little bit of consumption but
you really have to get yourself in check
when it comes to okay i'm creating for
my business in the next like half an
hour um you know not letting trolls get
to you and this is like one of the
hardest things honestly because
sometimes like things can hurt if like
you are not ready for it if you're not
in the mindset or in the space where you
are ready to receive a hate comment you
can be like
you know like and really like have a
moment where you just like
you know
you just react instead instead of like
really thinking things through
but um yeah i think really mindset is so
key when it comes to marketing your
business and any any of that kind of
stuff so
i love that advice of keeping the
mindset
in mind because it comes before and
before you can take action you have to
be in the right head space for it
yeah
i have a question on this side hi there
are you accepting questions during this
session it's not obvious whether you're
both giving advice yes we totally are so
if you have a question about business
please do ask us in the chat
hi billy
um
do you do
any questions on your side i will wait
for your question
do the google analytics tips you give
work for etsy shops yes they do um when
you set up a google analytics account
for your etsy you have to set up a
universal analytics and there's a video
on my profile that i reposted recently
about this how to make sure you set it
up correctly for etsy so yes um
absolutely um there's a question here
what can i do if i don't want to show my
face on social media how important is it
to have a face on social media i think
you're a better one to answer that than
me
i mean i am always gonna be the coach to
push you guys to show up on social media
with your face
because the example that i always give
to my clients is what is the last time
that you saw a video in your feed where
you recognized somebody's hands making a
product
probably not super often
faces we are just programmed as humans
to recognize other faces and it is so
much easier to build that trust over
time when you show up at as yourself
trust me it takes work it takes practice
to show up on camera if you go back to
any any creator that you love on tick
tock go back to like their first videos
guaranteed it's a different person
guaranteed if you go back to my old
videos i'm sure you can say the same
like you just get more comfortable the
more that you do it
um and so like eventually it just
becomes natural
absolutely another question here should
a tick-tock account be separate from a
personals like if you're starting a
business should you use the same
picktalk account or a different one i
think i would say it comes down to kind
of
niche so i know like mixed things about
that word like audience and content if
your business that you're starting like
your target audience is the same as the
kind of people who follow you personally
then absolutely keep going there whereas
if your target customer is probably
someone who's not following you right
now or the content you're going to start
creating for your business is really
different than the content you create
right now then i would recommend
creating a separate one um i didn't have
tiktok personally before but like on
instagram i created a separate instagram
for my business versus my personal
i would say when it comes to tick tock
um i actually always recommend to
clients that like integrating a certain
degree of personal content can make you
feel relatable and like more of a human
um so it depends on your business it
depends how much personal content you
plan on posting because just keep in
mind to you if you're planning on
having two accounts and your goal is to
grow
those two accounts that's double the
amount of content
so if you're trying to post every single
day two videos on two accounts like
you know i i would much rather put lots
of effort into one account and and even
if that has like a mix of business and
personal like that gives your audience
the opportunity to to get to know you um
so it really just depends on your
strategy what your goals are for your
account
but um i have a question on this side uh
can i have a double niche on my tic toc
account
um my answer to that would basically be
yes it's possible
but it comes down to again thinking
about the target audience so if you're
if your two niches are that
maybe you you're doing one niche about
like sports cars
and one about like ballet there's
probably not a ton of crossover there
however you know if you're doing maybe
you have like jewelry and hair
accessories there's probably some
crossover there
right so like thinking about how close
are those two niches
is there crossover in the audience
um and you know looking at analytics
doing some research can be helpful in
that kind of thing
absolutely i just say i do have to go in
three minutes so i think we have time
for one or two more questions then we'll
have to end the live forum
sure today
um so do you have recommendations for
marketing a self-published book
do you want to take that one
a self-published book um gonna sound
like a bit of a broken record at this
time for a live but i really think about
who's the target audience for your book
who's the kind of person who really i
mean everyone reads right or most people
read and so think about um think about
your book like a product you know what
is the problem that you are solving for
people with your book is it mindless
entertainment is it a deep psychological
thriller are they gonna learn something
new is it escapism so i would apply like
a traditional marketing lens to it of
who's the audience how is your book
going to help them do something they
want to do and then um
create content around that
yeah one thing that i've seen that has
been super interesting to watch people
do on tick tock is to
tell the story of your book
but like leave like the biggest
cliffhanger ever and then like basically
the person at the end of the tick tock
says like and that's the premise of my
new book and like fif like you know
here's the link to buy and people are
just like oh like i need to know like
what happens to this couple or like
whatever so
that's one way to do it
i see those like they're telling a story
and then then like yeah and this is the
book but that was a book oh my god
how do i get it i need to know
how do i get it well i can see if your
questions but we have been live for an
hour now on tick tock talking about all
kinds of things start off really about
being a woman in business and challenges
we faced how we started our businesses
then getting into some really
nitty-gritty marketing tips and helping
you grow your businesses as well so i
just want to thank all of you for
joining us here today thank you megan so
much for chatting with me it's so nice
to get to have a two-way conversation
with you after seeing you on my fyp all
the time i know this is so fun we'll
have to do it again sometime soon
i would absolutely love that and i'm
also going to put this replay at my
youtube channel if anyone joined late
and wants to catch the beginning later